frame - Ferite Remote Archived Module Environment
( cpan for ferite )

works a bit like apt; the server has a modules.xml file in it's root http dir
which describes all the modules it has. each <module> entry in the xml file
describes the keyword, author, version, inseption date, and tarball of a module.
As, a file called modules.md5 is in the root. this contains the md5 signature of
modules.xml file. it is used to tell cache's whether or not to reget the modules.xml
file. the modules.xml file can be searched easily to find the module the user wishes
to download.

the second part is the addition mechanism, ie, how a file gets into the modules.xml
a file frame.xml is placed in the top directory of the tarball, this frame.xml
file is inserted into the modules.xml and the md5 is regenerated.

the frame.xml is generated by user input from ferite-create-package, which takes one
argument, the directory the module is contained in. (note that this means that if you 
have just a one file module, you will need to copy it out to a new directory of the
same name to create the package for it. because ferite supports native ferite modules
as well as ones that use c, if a module needs to be run through builder, be sure to
include the Makefile.am in the package, so that the installer can build it correctly.
(note 2: all .fec files need to have a Makefile.am with them, dont forget)

dependences:
while currently ferite modules are simply, they will soon become larger, having 
interdependeces and such.
	ways to implement dependences:

	1. input to ferite-create-package. just tell the packager what this module depends
	on when you package it up (icky).

	2. parse a .fe for uses clauses, and determine what modules this module uses.

	3. dont do anything when you package the module, instead let the installer detect
	that ferite failed because it couldnt find a module, then try and get said module
	(this is the way cpan does it). This also requires a test script in the package,
	which you should really have anyway. This is probably going to be the way to do it.

